[WIP] JMX scraper (#1445)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-contrib: jmx-scraper/README.md

# JMX Metric Scraper

This utility provides a way to query JMX metrics and export them to an OTLP endpoint.

> The JMX MBeans and their metrics mapping is defined in YAML and is reusing implementation from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JMX MBeans and their metric mappings are defined in YAML and reuse implementation from
```
